# Ethics

## [The Code I am Ashamed of](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-code-im-still-ashamed-of-e4c021dff55e)

  After reading this article it gives a lot of insight into some unethical situations that programmers can be put it. This is good to keep my mind as I am just starting my career. I can see how it can be easy as someone who is new to the job trying to make a name and gain experience to just do whatever is asked, but after reading this it is important to always make sure ethics and morals come first. It makes me think about how businesses expect their devs to just say yes and create what they want because most of the time I suspect if one dev won't do it, they will just find another. However in today's times that is changing for the better. 

## [Ethical Dilemmas of Self-Driving Cars](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-drive/culture/technology/the-ethical-dilemmas-of-self-drivingcars/article37803470/)

  Self driving cars seems to be the way of the future but why is it not taking off? When I first thought about it I thought it was because the technology needed is not where it needs to be yet, but after reading the article it gives me a new way of thinking why self driving cars are not the norm quite yet. There is a human aspect of driving that is very difficult for a computer to calculate. An example we look at in the article is when an accident is unavoidable, what will the self-driving car do? Will it swerve and harm the driver? Will it swerve to save the driver but hit a pedestrian? These are scenarios that have different outcomes based off split second decisions.